.. :changelog:

Release History

13.0.25(2025-07-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
API Updates:
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the [Bing Ads API Release Notes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13).
* New Reports in Reporting Service: AppsPerformanceReport, TravelQueryInsightReport and FeedIemPerformanceReport.
* Support CampaignTypeReportFilter in Reporting API.
* New APIs in CampaignManagement Service: GetAnnotationOptOut, UpdateAnnotationOptOut, CreateBrandKitRecommendation and GetResponsiveAdRecommendationJob.
* New field ListingGroupPath in AssetGroupListingGroup.
* New field IsAutoGoal in ConversionGoal.
* New field MaxCpc in MaxConversionValueBiddingScheme.
* New API in CustomerBilling Service: GetCouponInfo.

Bulk Mapping Updates:
* Added bulk mappings for Site Exclusion: BulkAccountPlacementExclusionList, BulkSharedListNegativeSite, BulkAccountPlacementExclusionListAssociation, BulkAccountPlacementInclusionList, BulkSharedListSite and BulkAccountPlacementInclusionListAssociation.

13.0.24.2(2025-04-28)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Enable MSA Production support on the sandbox by default, as MSA INT will soon be deprecated.

13.0.24.1(2025-02-21)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Fix issue in BulkBudget in version 13.0.24. 

13.0.24(2025-02-20)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Added NewCustomerAcquisitionGoalSetting in BulkCampaign mapping.
* Added SubType, ActionType in BulkCampaignConversionGoal mapping.
* Added bulk mappings for NCA: BulkNewCustomerAcquisitionGoal.

13.0.23.1(2025-01-23)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Fix issue in BulkProductAudience mapping.

13.0.23(2024-11-21)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Added bulk mappings for BulkAssetGroupUrlTarget.

13.0.21.2(2024-08-19)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Fix Issue #295: https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/295
* Change 'ImpreesionBasedRemarketingList' to 'ImpressionBasedRemarketingList' in AudienceAdditionalField

13.0.21.1(2024-07-24)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Fix Issue #291: https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/291

13.0.21(2024-07-18)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Added bulk mappings for new AudienceType:ImpressionBasedRemarketingList i.e., BulkImpressionBasedRemarketingList, BulkAdGroupImpressionBasedRemarketingListAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeImpressionBasedRemarketingListAssociation, BulkCampaignImpressionBasedRemarketingListAssociation and BulkCampaignNegativeImpressionBasedRemarketingListAssociation.
* Added bulk mappings for Goals i.e., BulkAppInstallGoal, BulkDurationGoal, BulkEventGoal, BulkInStoreTransactionGoal, BulkInStoreVisitGoal, BulkOfflineConversionGoal, BulkPagesViewedPerVisitGoal, BulkProductGoal and BulkUrlGoal.
* Added bulk mappings for BulkBrandItem, BulkBrandList and BulkCampaignBrandListAssociation.
* Added bulk mappings for BulkAssetGroupSearchTheme.
* Added mappings for new field in BulkCampaign: CostPerSaleOptOut.
* Changed DeviceTypeFilter to enum list in BulkSeasonlityAdjustment and BulkDataExclusion.

13.0.19.1(2024-04-09)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.

13.0.19(2024-03-25)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Added bulk mappings for Account Level Negative Keyword List i.e., BulkAccountNegativeKeywordList, BulkAccountNegativeKeywordListAssociation and BulkAccountSharedNegativeKeyword.
* Added bulk mappings for BulkSeasonalityAdjustment and BulkDataExclusion.
* Removed mappings for VerifiedTrackingSetting field in BulkCampaign.
* Added mappings for new field in BulkCampaign: AutoGeneratedImageOptOut and AutoGeneratedTextOptOut.
* Added PerformanceMaxsetting for PageFeedIds field in BulkCampaign.
* Added mappings for new BiddingScheme: CostPerSaleBiddingScheme.

13.0.18.1(2024-01-30)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes.

13.0.18(2023-11-13)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Added mappings for new fields in BulkOfflineConversion: HashedEmailAddress and HashedPhoneNumber.

13.0.17(2023-08-18)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-13.
* Added bulk mapping for new Criterion i.e., BulkCampaignDealCriterion, BulkAdGroupGenreCriterion.
* Added mappings for new fields in BulkCampaign: DestinationChannel and IsMultiChannelCampaign.
* Added mappings for new fields in BulkResponsiveAd: VerifiedTrackingDatas.
* Added mappings for new fields in ImageAsset: TargetWidth and TargetHeight.
* Fixed issue: https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/250.

13.0.16(2023-06-02)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add bulk mappings for performance max campaign i.e., BulkAssetGroup, BulkAssetGroupListingGroup, BulkAudienceGroup, BulkAudienceGroupAssetGroupAssociation, BulkCampaignNegativeWebPage.
* Add mappings for new fields in BulkCampaign: UrlExpansionOptOut.
* Support new bidding scheme: ManualCpaScheme and CostPerSaleBiddingScheme.

13.0.15(2022-12-23)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add bulk mappings for OnlineConversionAdjustment.
* Add bulk mappings for Adgroup Hotel Ads Criterions i.e., BulkAdGroupHotelAdvanceBookingWindowCriterion, BulkAdGroupHotelCheckInDateCriterion, BulkAdGroupHotelCheckInDayCriterion, BulkAdGroupHotelDateSelectionTypeCriterion and BulkAdGroupHotelLengthOfStayCriterion.
* Add bulk mappings for AdGroupHotelListingGroup.
* Add mappings for new fields in BulkAdgroup: UseOptimizedTargeting, HotelSetting, CommissionRate and PercentCpcBid.
* Support new bidding scheme: percentCpcBiddingScheme and commissionBiddingScheme.

13.0.14(2022-06-30)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Get rid of the default ObjectCache,and use a in memory cache for ServiceClient. https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/pull/108.
* Add bulk mappings for BulkCampaignConversionGoal.
* Add bulk mappings for ad customer attribute i.e., BulkAdCustomizerAttribute, BulkCampaignAdCustomizerAttribute, BulkAdGroupAdCustomizerAttribute, BulkKeywordAdCustomizerAttribute.
* Add mappings for new fields in BulkFeed: Schedule.
* Fix issue of invalid variable: maxCpcValue. https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/pull/200#issuecomment-1085432417.
* Update suds-community version to 1.1.0.

13.0.13(2022-01-14)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add new fields Operator mapping in WebCondition for BulkAdGroupDynamicSearchAdTarget, BulkAdGroupNegativeDynamicSearchAdTarget and BulkCampaignNegativeDynamicSearchAdTarget.
* Add NumberRuleItem mapping to BulkRemarketingList.

13.0.12(2021-10-29)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add VerifiedTrackingSetting mapping in the BulkCampaign.
* Add BusinessAttributes mapping in the BulkCampaign.


13.0.11.1(2021-10-13)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update suds lib from suds-jurko to suds-community to support latest setuptools.

13.0.11(2021-08-20)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add mapping for new DynamicDescriptionEnabled and DisclaimerSetting fields in BulkCampaign.
* Add BulkDisclaimerAdExtension and BulkCampaignDisclaimerAdExtension mapping for disclaimer ads support.

13.0.10(2021-06-20)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes
* Add new msads.manage scope for multi-factor authentication requirement. Eventually msads.manage will be required. Learn more here: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2155062
* Default OAuth scope is set to the new msads.manage scope. Can be overridden temporarily with new oAuthScope parameter (replaces requireLiveConnect).
* Sandbox auth support via login.live-int.com is replaced with login.windows-ppe.net.
* Add BulkVideo for video ads support
* Add mappings for new fields in BulkResponsiveAd: CallToActionLanguage, Videos, Headlines, Descriptions
* Add mappings for new fields in BulkAdGroup: CpvBid, CpmBid
* Update  ToBiddingSchemeBulkString(this BiddingScheme biddingScheme) to support MaxRoas, ManualCpv and ManualCpm
* Add mappings for new fields in BulkAccount: AdClickParallelTracking, AutoApplyRecommendations, AllowImageAutoRetrieve
* Conjunctive normal form (CNF) support is added to PageVisitorsRule and mapped in the BulkRemarketingList remarketing rule. Previously Microsoft Advertising only supported disjunctive normal form (DNF). You must ensure that your application can appropriately read and distinguish between CNF and DNF. Your application should no longer assume that the rule is disjunctive.
* Add mapping for new MultimediaAdsBidAdjustment field in BulkCampaign and BulkAdGroup
* Fix issue of DSA setting not being exported for Search Campaign

13.0.9.1(2021-04-29)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Fix issue of missing proxies.

13.0.9(2021-04-29)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add bulk mappings for video ad extensions i.e., BulkVideoAdExtension, BulkAccountVideoAdExtension, BulkAdGroupVideoAdExtension, and BulkCampaignVideoAdExtension.
* Add CashbackAdjustment mapping in the BulkAdGroupBiddableCriterion and BulkCampaignBiddableCriterion.
* Cache SDK snapshot of the singleWsdl proxies for all Bing Ads API Version 13 services.

13.0.8(2021-03-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Added BulkPromotionAdExtension to the object factory
* Added BulkAdGroupBiddableCriterion, BulkAdGroupBiddableCriterion, BulkCampaignBiddableCriterion, and BulkCampaignNegativeCriterion base classes for criterion.
* Added DynamicFeedSetting to BulkCampaign for an upcoming pilot feature.
* Added BulkBidStrategy for an upcoming pilot feature.
* Added BidStrategyId to BulkCampaign for an upcoming pilot feature.

13.0.7(2020-12-16)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Update Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add bulk mappings for flyer ad extensions i.e., BulkFlyerAdExtension, BulkAccountFlyerAdExtension, BulkAdGroupFlyerAdExtension, and BulkCampaignFlyerAdExtension.
* Add ImpressionTrackingUrls mapping in the BulkResponsiveAd.
* Update the pattern matching to resolve EntityReadException with BulkCombinedList download.

13.0.6(2020-10-14)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add FinalUrlSuffix mapping in the BulkFilterLinkAdExtension.
* Add AdGroupType mapping in the BulkAdGroup.
* Allow DynamicSearchAdsSetting in BulkCampaign for search campaigns.
* Remove delete_value write to file for AdScheduleUseSearcherTimeZone in BulkAdGroup and BulkCampaign.

13.0.5(2020-08-14)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add BulkImage for bulk image upload.
* Add Multi-Image field mappings for BulkImageAdExtension.
* Add offline conversion adjustment field mappings for BulkOfflineConversion.
* Add bulk mappings for filter link ad extensions i.e., BulkFilterLinkAdExtension, BulkAccountFilterLinkAdExtension, BulkAdGroupFilterLinkAdExtension, and BulkCampaignFilterLinkAdExtension.

13.0.4.1(2020-07-23)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Fix issue https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/160.

13.0.4(2020-07-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add mappings for TargetImpressionShareBiddingScheme in BulkCampaign.
* Add bulk mappings for combined list i.e., BulkCombinedList, BulkAdGroupCombinedListAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeCombinedListAssociation, BulkCampaignCombinedListAssociation, and BulkCampaignNegativeCombinedListAssociation.
* Add bulk entities for customer list i.e., BulkCustomerList, BulkCustomerListItem, BulkAdGroupCustomerListAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeCustomerListAssociation, BulkCampaignCustomerListAssociation, and BulkCampaignNegativeCustomerListAssociation.
* Add OAuth support for AAD tenant.
* Add OAuth support for PKCE e.g., code_verifier.

13.0.3(2020-05-26)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Add mappings for MaxConversionValueBiddingScheme and TargetRoasBiddingScheme in BulkCampaign.
* Add mapping for the 'Use Searcher Time Zone' field in BulkCampaign and BulkAdGroup.
* Add bulk mappings for promotion ad extensions i.e., BulkPromotionAdExtension, BulkAccountPromotionAdExtension, BulkAdGroupPromotionAdExtension, and BulkCampaignPromotionAdExtension.
* Add support for delete_value of EndDate in the BulkExperiment.
* Add BulkCampaignNegativeStoreCriterion for future use.


13.0.2(2019-12-08)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Attempt internal sync upload for up to 1,000 bulk entities via BulkServiceManager and upload_entities.
* Added the mapping for FinalUrlSuffix in BulkAdGroupDynamicSearchAdTarget.

13.0.1(2019-11-08)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API Version 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes.
* Removed support for Bing Ads API Version 12 i.e., removed the service proxies and bulk entities.
* Added mappings for the "Target Ad Group Id" and "Target Campaign Id" bulk columns in BulkFeedItem.
* Added mappings for the "Include View Through Conversions" and "Profile Expansion Enabled" bulk columns in BulkAccount.

12.13.6(2019-10-12)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Mapped the Experiment Type column to ExperimentType via BulkExperiment.
* Updated Bing Ads API version 12 and 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For more information please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes.

12.13.5(2019-09-12)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Map the Bid Adjustment column to a BidMultiplier via BulkAdGroupProductPartition.
* Updated Bing Ads API version 12 and 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For more information please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes.


12.13.4.1(2019-08-23)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Write TextAsset and ImageAsset to the Bulk upload file without the Type explicitly set.

12.13.4(2019-08-09)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API version 12 and 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For more information please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes.
* Add a check for report_request time attribute to resolve issue 116: https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/116.

12.13.3.2(2019-07-04)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Add Bulk entity mapping for the CustomLabel dynamic ad target condition.

12.13.3.1(2019-07-02)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
* Fix import issue introduced by version 12.13.3, where clients would observe error ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'bingads.v13.bulk.entities.feeds'.

12.13.3(2019-06-15)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated Bing Ads API version 12 and 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For more information please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/release-notes.
* For Bing Ads API version 13, added BulkFeed and BulkFeedItem for ad customizer feeds and page feeds. For more information please see the Feed: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/bulk-service/feed?view=bingads-13 and Feed Item: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/bulk-service/feed-item?view=bingads-13 reference documentation.
* For Bing Ads API version 13, added the mapping for PageFeedIds in BulkCampaign. For more information please see the Campaign: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/bulk-service/dynamic-search-ad?view=bingads-13#pagefeedids reference documentation.
* For Bing Ads API version 13, added the mapping for TextPart2 in BulkDynamicSearchAd. For more information please see the Dynamic Search Ad: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/bulk-service/dynamic-search-ad?view=bingads-13#textpart2 reference documentation.

12.13.2(2019-05-15)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* IMPORTANT: The default OAuth endpoint is updated from "Live Connect": https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/authentication-oauth-live-connect endpoint to the "Microsoft Identity endpoint for developers": https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/authentication-oauth-identity-platform. The  "Microsoft Identity endpoint" supports both Microsoft Account (MSA) personal credentials and Azure Active Directory (AAD) work credentials. For more information, see "Upgrade to the Microsoft identity platform endpoint FAQ": https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/authentication-oauth#upgrade-identity-platform-faq.
* Updated Bing Ads API version 12 and 13 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the "Bing Ads API Release Notes": https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* For Bing Ads API version 12 and 13, added a new Bulk property for Final Url Suffix phase 2 entities i.e., added FinalUrlSuffix to the existing BulkActionAdExtension, BulkAppAdExtension, BulkImageAdExtension, BulkPriceAdExtension, BulkSitelinkAdExtension, BulkAdGroupProductPartition, and BulkAd. For details see "Final Url Suffix": https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/guides/url-tracking-upgraded-urls#finalurlsuffixvalidation.

12.13.1(2019-04-15)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Added support for Bing Ads API Version 13. For more information, see Migrating to Bing Ads API Version 13: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/migration-guide?view=bingads-13.
* Updated version 12 service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-12.
* For both version 12 and 13, added a new Bulk property for Final Url Suffix i.e., added FinalUrlSuffix to the existing BulkAccount, BulkAdGroup, BulkCampaign, and BulkKeyword. For details about Final Url Suffix in the Bulk file, see the Release Notes:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-12#finalurlsuffix-march2019.

12.0.4(2019-03-15)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Added a new Bulk property for Action Text i.e., added ActionText to the existing BulkActionAdExtension.
* Removed the is_expired property from BulkAdGroup. Use the Status property of the BulkAdGroup instead.
* For optional fields, the Bulk file schema mapping is updated such that "delete_value" will only be written to the file for update operations. Update intent is assumed when the Bulk entity ID is greater than zero.
* Updated the Status mapping for BulkExperiment i.e., map the string value directly instead of via bulk_optional_str.

12.0.3.1(2019-02-01)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Fix import issue introduced by version 12.0.3, in which version python 3 users will see error "ImportError: No module named 'bulk_ad_group_negative_audience_association". See issue: https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/110.

12.0.3(2019-01-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* BREAKING CHANGE for BulkAdGroupCustomAudienceAssociation, BulkAdGroupInMarketAudienceAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeCustomAudienceAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeInMarketAudienceAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeProductAudienceAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeRemarketingListAssociation, BulkAdGroupNegativeSimilarRemarketingListAssociation, BulkAdGroupProductAudienceAssociation, BulkAdGroupRemarketingListAssociation, and BulkAdGroupSimilarRemarketingListAssociation: Replaced custom_audience_name, in_market_audience_name, product_audience_name, remarketing_list_name, and similar_remarketing_list_name with audience_name. The audience_name property is now used to map from the 'Audience Name' field of a Bulk file via all audience association SDK objects.
* Updated service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the release notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Added Bulk mapping for responsive ad images i.e., added Images to the existing BulkResponsiveAd.
* Added Bulk mapping for campaign target setting i.e., added TargetSetting to the existing BulkCampaign.
* Added Bulk mapping for campaign level audience associations i.e.,BulkCampaignCustomAudienceAssociation, BulkCampaignInMarketAudienceAssociation, BulkCampaignNegativeCustomAudienceAssociation, BulkCampaignNegativeInMarketAudienceAssociation, BulkCampaignNegativeProductAudienceAssociation, BulkCampaignNegativeRemarketingListAssociation, BulkCampaignNegativeSimilarRemarketingListAssociation, BulkCampaignProductAudienceAssociation, BulkCampaignRemarketingListAssociation, and BulkCampaignSimilarRemarketingListAssociation.
* Added the get_response_header method in class ServiceClient, to access the service TrackingId, etc per GitHub issue https://github.com/BingAds/BingAds-Python-SDK/issues/106.

12.0.2(2018-12-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated service proxies to reflect recent interface changes. For details please see the Bing Ads API Release Notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes.
* Added Bulk mapping for campaign experiments i.e., BulkExperiment and BulkCampaign.
* Added Bulk mapping for action ad extensions i.e., BulkActionAdExtension, BulkAccountActionAdExtension, BulkAdGroupActionAdExtension, and BulkCampaignActionAdExtension.

12.0.1(2018-11-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Removed support for Bing Ads API Version 11, per the October 31, 2018 sunset.
* Added Bulk mapping for responsive search ads i.e., BulkResponsiveSearchAd and BulkResponsiveSearchAdLabel.
* Added all fragments returned via the tokens request as a new property in the OAuthTokens SDK class.

11.12.7(2018-10-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Update service proxies to reflect recent interface changes.
* Map TitlePart3 and TextPart2 to BulkExpandedTextAd.

11.12.6(2018-09-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated service proxies to reflect recent Bulk, Campaign Management, Customer Management, and Reporting API changes.
* Added Bulk mapping for similar remarketing lists i.e., BulkSimilarRemarketingList, BulkAdGroupSimilarRemarketingListAssociation, and BulkAdGroupNegativeSimilarRemarketingListAssociation.

11.12.5(2018-08-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated service proxies to support customer address, campaign level profile criteria, similar audiences for remarketing lists, and new change history report columns. For details see the service release notes: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/bingads/guides/release-notes?view=bingads-12#august2018.
* Added BulkEntity mappings for campaign level profile criteria i.e., added BulkCampaignCompanyNameCriterion, BulkCampaignJobFunctionCriterion, and BulkCampaignIndustryCriterion.

11.12.4(2018-07-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Added a mapping for the Domain column in the Bulk file to the BulkExpandedTextAd object.
* Limited the scope to bingads.manage for access token requests. Previously the default scope was used, which can vary if a user granted your app permissions to multiple scopes. The Bing Ads SDKs only support the bingads.manage scope.
* Updated the Customer Management proxies to support LinkedAccountIds for agencies. For agency users the customer role can contain a list of linked accounts that the user can access as an agency on behalf of another customer.

11.12.3(2018-06-10)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Added support for Cooperative bidding e.g., added mappings for "Bid Boost Value", "Bid Option" and "Maximum Bid" fields via the BulkAdGroup.
* Added mappings for the 'MSCLKID Auto Tagging Enabled" and "Tracking Tempalte" fields via the BulkAccount.

11.12.2(2018-05-15)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* To extend support for Microsoft Audience Ads, new bulk objects are added to the SDK for reading and writing Bulk file records e.g., BulkResponsiveAd and BulkResponsiveAdLabel.
* dAdded retries for the 117 throttling error if encountered while polling for the status of a bulk or reporting operation.

11.12.1(2018-04-12)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Added support for Bing Ads API Version 12. For more information, see Migrating to Bing Ads API Version 12.
* The version parameter is now required when creating each ServiceClient. Previously the version was optional and defaulted to version 11. The version parameter is moved to the second position between the service client name and the authorization data.
* The file_type parameter now defaults to 'Csv' as an *str* datatype instead of the DownloadFileType for BulkFileReader, BulkServiceManager, DownloadParameters and SubmitDownloadParameters. You can set 'Tsv' if you prefer the tab separated file format type.

11.5.9(2018-03-12)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Updated to support Microsoft Account authentication in sandbox.

11.5.8(2018-01-12)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* The Bulk and Campaign Management proxies are updated to support audience search size. In addition the SDK supports audience search size via the BulkCustomAudience, BulkInMarketAudience, and BulkRemarketingList classes.

* Allow the Parent Id to be empty when deleting Bulk entities. Previously the Parent Id was required by the SDK although the Bulk service does not always require it.

11.5.7(2017-12-12)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* The Version 11 Reporting service proxies are updated to support new columns for Estimated Bids.

11.5.6(2017-11-01)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Support for version 9 and 10 ended on October 31st, 2017. The following version 9 and 10 proxies are now removed from the SDK. You must upgrade to version 11.
  - Removed the Version 9 proxies for Customer Billing, Customer Management, and Reporting services. Also removed the Version 9 ReportingServiceManager.
  - Removed the Version 10 proxies for Ad Insight, Bulk, and Campaign Management services. Also removed the Version 10 BulkServiceManager and Version 10 Bulk entities.
* The Version 11 Reporting service proxies are updated to support new columns for Exact Match Impression Share Percent and Labels.
* Improved memory usage for decompressing the bulk and report files.
* Set the default encoding to utf-8-sig and removed the chardet requirement. Bulk file download and upload should always be UTF-8 encoding with BOM.

11.5.5.1(2017-09-19)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Fix user-agent including '\n' character issue introduced by 11.5.5. Only (Major, Minor, Micro) tuple will be added into user-agent.

11.5.5(2017-09-13)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* The Reporting service proxies are updated to support new columns for location targeting.


11.5.4(2017-08-08)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* The Campaign Management service proxies are updated to support inherited bid strategy type.
* The Reporting service proxies are updated to support new columns for Bing Shopping campaigns.
* New version 11 bulk labels objects are added i.e., *BulkLabel*, *BulkCampaignLabel*, *BulkAdGroupLabel*, *BulkKeywordLabel*, *BulkAppInstallAdLabel*, *BulkDynamicSearchAdLabel*, *BulkExpandedTextAdLabel*, *BulkProductAdLabel*, and *BulkTextAdLabel* objects are added to the SDK for reading and writing the corresponding Bulk file records.
* A new version 11 bulk offline conversion object is added i.e., the *BulkOfflineConversion* object is added to the SDK for writing and uploading the corresponding Bulk file record.


10.4.12(2017-02-28)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Support Remarketing list bulk upload
* Add Remarketing Rule in bulk schema

10.4.11(2016-12-30)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Add bulk support for Dynamic Search Ads feature
* Update wsdl proxy to latest version
* Bug fixes

10.4.10(2016-10-28)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Update wsdl proxy for Dynamic Search Ads Bulk
* Update wsdl proxy for Remarketing Add/Update/Delete APIs

10.4.9(2016-09-29)
++++++++++++++++++

* Update wsdl proxy for Dynamic Search Ads APIs
* Update wsdl proxy for Remarketing

10.4.8(2016-08-29)
++++++++++++++++++

* Add Sitelink2 Ad Extension
* Add Budget
* Add Budget Id in Campaign for Shared Budget
* Add Scheduling in Ad Extensions
* Update wsdl proxy to latest version

10.4.7(2016-07-28)
++++++++++++++++++

* Add Remarketing List and Ad Group Remarketing List Association
* Add Expanded Text Ad
* Add Structured Snippet Ad Extension
* Update wsdl proxy to latest version

10.4.6(2016-07-18)
++++++++++++++++++

* Fix Reporting Service default version bug

10.4.5(2016-06-30)
++++++++++++++++++

* Sunset campaign management, bulk, ad intelligence, optimizer services in v9
* Add Ad Format Preference in Text Ad
* Add Bid Strategy Type in Campaign, AdGroup and Keyword
* Updated wsdl proxy to latest version
* Bug fixes

10.4.4(2016-05-30)
++++++++++++++++++

* Add App Install Ad support
* Add state property in OAuthAuthorization classes
* Support oauth_tokens initialization in Authentication classes
* Updated wsdl proxy to latest version

10.4.3(2016-04-30)
++++++++++++++++++

* Changed condition to write delete value for Keyword Bid in bulk
* Support suds option in BulkServiceManager and ReportingServiceManager
* Updated wsdl proxy to latest version
* Bug fixes

10.4.2(2016-03-30)
++++++++++++++++++

* Add suds option parameter to support timeout and location settings in soap service
* Add timeout logic for bulk upload, bulk download and report download methods
* Add retry logic for upload and download status tracking
* New exception types to handle bulk and reporting errors
* Remove location_target_version parameter from DownloadParameters and SubmitDownloadParameters
* Updated wsdl proxy file to latest version

10.4.1(2015-10-23)
++++++++++++++++++

* Support Bing Ads API V10 and upgrade bulk format version to 4.0
* Compatible with Bing Ads API V9
* Add Reporting Service support to SDK 9.3
* Bug Fixes

9.3.4 (2015-08-20)
++++++++++++++++++

* Replace SSLv3 with SSLv23 for TLS support


9.3.3 (2015-07-31)
++++++++++++++++++

* Add Bing Shopping Campaign Support
* Add Native Ads Support


9.3.2 (2015-04-24)
++++++++++++++++++

* Add App AdExtension support.
* Bug Fixes.

9.3.1 (2015-03-31)
++++++++++++++++++

* First release on PyPI.
